
Hi!!

Today was a bussy day.
Like every day I started watering the plants, those days are super hot, for this reason I water every day maxium every two days, you may thing I spend a lot water, this is not the case I save water reusing showering water and water from cleaning dishes. I use home made soap. You maybe notice I like to make a lot stuff. I love take care of the plants and enjoying the fruits,  strawberries, tomatoes, garlics, jalapeños and the smell of jasmine and other aromatics plants. It's a good way for distract my mind from computers and 
After that I went to the University to start the cybersecurity course. It was interesting and productive day, the class, like every first class, was setting up the labs that will be used during the course. We are 10 and we have 15, Intel®  i5 10gen, with 16 gb of Ram, running Windows 10, and we installed virtualbox, packet tracer, sysinternals suite, wireshark and some .ova, Kali Linux, Metasploitable, Securityonion and 2 cyberops. The great surprise was when. the teacher enrolled everybody to the CCNA Cybersecurity Operations course. Not only we setup the labs he made a lecture about SOC, Security Operation Centers. the main goal of the course, I think, is preparing us to work in a SOC. It's an interesting job, a difficult one.
At 14:00h I finished the classes and I went home for lucnch. I'm lucky I am only 15 minuts walking from the University.
Then i went to my job and repair some tables, door locks and chairs. During my search of tablefoots, in one of the hidden warehouses, that need to be cleaned, is one of the tasks that i have to do in August, I found some hp procurves aps and dlink, i get permission to bring it home and start messing with wifi hacking, xD 
This weekend maybe I'll try one of each, it depends on an iMac I have to repair. The costumers brings me the computer on Saturday at mid-day and if everything goes well i would like to return back the iMac at night. And I will be studying too, from class and the Phyton Crash Course book. I don't now!! maybe I find some time :)
Just now is finished installing MacOs High Sierra in the old macbook pro 13 inch 2009, here I had Kali install and was working fine for about a month but I don't know what happend because today at class it wasn't working. I can't open console and do nothing and I decided to erase it at class but the Wifi was too slow. When I arrived at home I erased the disk and started installation again,it was fast, about 20 minuts. I changed the drive, it has installed 120Gb ssd. SSD donnor my vintage macbook black. I'm a little fanboy or I was :D in a near future I need to buy, new main computer, at the moment the thing is, I can use this machines and i will install Kali baremetal on the 2009 macbook, right now I will replicate the lab that we made in class, i donwloaded all the .ovas while this writing.